android.net.WifiLinkQualityInfo getBssid
android.net.wifi.WifiInfo getBSSID
androidx.ads.identifier.AdvertisingIdClient getAdvertisingIdInfo
android.accounts.AccountManager getAccountsByType & getAccounts
android.location.LocationManager getLastKnownLocation
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getImei
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getSubscriberId
android.net.wifi.nl80211 getMacAddress
android.net.wifi.WifiInfo getMacAddress
android.telephony.SubscriptionInfo getPhoneNumber
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getSimSerialNumber
android.os.Build getSerial
android.net.wifi.WifiInfo getSSID
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getMeid
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getDeviceSoftwareVersion
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getMsisdn
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getGroupIdLevel1
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getNetworkCountryIso
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getNetworkOperator
android.telephony.TelephonyManager getNetworkOperatorName
android.telephony.SubscriptionInfo getIccId
android.telephony.SubscriptionInfo getSimOperator